feat(container-api): add props reference (#8404)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/reference/container-reference.mdx

```ts
export type ContainerRenderOptions = {
	slots?: Record<string, any>;

>   props?: Record<string, unknown>;

Reviewer: It seems it's not formatted properly

Author: Nice catch, fixed!

});
```

### `props` option

**Type**: `Record<string, unknown>`

An option to pass [`properties`](en/basics/astro-components/#props) for astro components.

```js name="Card.test.js"
import Card from "../src/components/Card.astro";

const result = await container.renderToString(Card, { 
  props: { name: "Hello, world!" },
});
```

```astro name="Card.astro"
---
// For TypeScript support
interface Props {
  name: string;
};

const { name } = Astro.props;
---
<div>
  {name}
</div>
```

> > Note: The type-hints are not automatically recognised, so you would need to share the
> > interface outside of `.astro` files in order to be available for type-hints:
> 
> ```js name="Card.test.js"
> import Card from "../src/components/Card.astro";
> import { CardProps } from "../src/components/types.ts";
> 
> const props: CardProps = { name: "Hello, world!" };
> const result = await container.renderToString(Card, { 
>   props,
> });
> ```
> 
> ```astro name="types.ts"
> export interface CardProps {
>   name: string;
> };
> ```
> 
> ```astro name="Card.astro"
> ---
> import { CardProps } from "./types.ts";
> 
> interface Props extends CardProps {};
> 
> const { name } = Astro.props;
> ---
> <div>
>   {name}
> </div>
> ```

Reviewer 2: ``````suggestion
#### Type-hints
 
When using the Container API outside of `.astro` files (e.g. `test.js`), define and import any interfaces to make them available for type-hints:

```js name="Card.test.js"
import Card from "../src/components/Card.astro";
import { CardProps } from "../src/components/types.ts";

const props: CardProps = { name: "Hello, world!" };
const result = await container.renderToString(Card, { 
  props,
});
```

```astro name="types.ts"
export interface CardProps {
  name: string;
};
```

```astro name="Card.astro"
---
import { CardProps } from "./types.ts";

interface Props extends CardProps {};

const { name } = Astro.props;
---
<div>
  {name}
</div>
```
``````
I'll need your help to make sure the wording is accurate, but we try not to use "notes" etc. for things that are just regular parts of the documentation. Notes, cautions, tips are really for "out of the ordinary" content.

So, I'm assuming it makes sense that instead of a note, we can have a section heading. The advantage here is that these get indexed, are easy to link to for support etc. vs being in a note.

With that being said, how do you feel about the suggestion above? What should be changed to make it completely accurate/helpful?

Author: Hmm, the only thing I see now is not doing
```typescript
import { type CardProps } from "./types.ts";
```

Author: Incorporated the suggestion and added a little more at the end to encourage astro component maintainers to expose their properties through interfaces.

});
```

### `props` option

**Type**: `Record<string, unknown>`

An option to pass [`properties`](en/basics/astro-components/#props) for astro components.

```js name="Card.test.js"
import Card from "../src/components/Card.astro";

const result = await container.renderToString(Card, { 
  props: { name: "Hello, world!" },
});
```

> 
> ```astro name="Card.astro"
> ---
> // For TypeScript support
> interface Props {
>   name: string;
> };
> 
> const { name } = Astro.props;
> ---
> <div>
>   {name}
> </div>
> ```
> 
> #### Type-hints
> 
> When using the Container API outside of `.astro` files (e.g. `test.ts`), define 
> and import property interfaces to make them available for type-hints 
> or auto-completion:
> 
> ```js name="Card.test.ts"
> import Card from "../src/components/Card.astro";
> import type { CardProps } from "../src/components/types.ts";
> 
> const props: CardProps = { name: "Hello, world!" };
> const result = await container.renderToString(Card, { 
>   props,
> });
> ```
> 
> ```astro name="types.ts"
> export interface CardProps {
>   name: string;
> };
> ```
> 
> ```astro name="Card.astro"
> ---
> import type { CardProps } from "./types.ts";
> 
> interface Props extends CardProps {};
> 
> const { name } = Astro.props;
> ---
> <div>
>   {name}
> </div>
> ```
> 
> With the dedicated interface for the component properties, astro components 
> can be integrated with any UI frameworks and gain full type-hints support.
> 
> Therefore, UI components authors for Astro components can provide a way to
> integrate their components with any UI frameworks with fairly minimal effort!
> 

Reviewer 3: Sorry if this suggestion seems a bit drastic — DELETE ALL THE THINGS 😅 

I think while it can seem helpful, this is mostly **re**documenting common practices from elsewhere, i.e. how Astro props typing works is not container API specific, and nor is using an imported type for the `props` object. It might be different if we’d made the API take generic parameters (like `renderToString<Props>()` or something), so that we needed to document the specific pattern, but given this is all regular usage, I’d suggest keeping the docs slim and focused is actually more helpful:

```suggestion
```

Author: Sure thing. If you want to omit available information on integrating with typescript, that is fine; who needs types or a healthy ecosystem anyway?
The generic type solution is a workaround solution, just like casting the props; I would not spend effort on it when your own JSX types should infer the props correctly - without a dedicated LSP - and thus allow any usage of your Astro components to be correct.

However, if removing the context is a problem (181-195), then all other occurrences on this page should change to keep it consistent. I would suggest not doing that in PR but raising a new one if you desire to change the pattern of the documentation.
Admittedly I have overstepped on the same.

Author: I removed the type-hint portion for now and am waiting for your response on changing the reference pattern.
